Add documentation on pre-release tags and maintaining older versions (#214)
ONSdigital/dp: guides/VERSIONING.md

* Minor release updates version to 1.2.0
* Major release updates version to 2.0.0
```

## Maintaining Old Versions

> When upgrading to a new major version, e.g. `1.*.*` to `2.*.*` it is digital publishing standard to cut a `v1` branch for the old version whilst the `main` branch will continue to contain the latest code for the new version (in this scenario v2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading to a new major version, e.g. `1.x` to `2.x` it is Digital Publishing standard to cut a `v1` branch for maintenance of the old major version. Then the `main` branch will continue to contain the latest code for the newest major version (in this scenario v2).
```

- I think it's more customary to write 1.x than 1.*
- some clarification in wording

The purposes of maintaing old versions could be for the following reasons:

- bug fixes
- security fixes
- dependency upgrades

## Pre-release versioning (Alpha and Beta)

> When going to a new major version of an app or library it is advisable to move to a pre-release version denoted by `-alpha` or `-beta` like so `2.0.0-beta` this allows for further changes that might be breaking backward compatibility without moving quickly to another version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When going to a new major version of an app or library it is advisable to move to a pre-release version using the suffix `-alpha` or `-beta` - e.g. `2.0.0-beta`.
This allows for further changes (that might _further_ break backward-compatibility) without prematurely releasing the new major version's changes.
```

> Any new tag releases should follow the convention to add `.<number>` with the number incrementing by 1 for each new tag, like so `2.0.0-beta.2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any new tag releases should follow the convention to add `.<number>` with the number incrementing by 1 for each new tag, like so `v2.0.0-beta.2`.
```

talking of a tag should include the `v` prefix

See below example of order of increasing versions:

```
1.3.2 < 2.0.0-alpha < 2.0.0-alpha.1 < 2.0.0-beta < 2.0.0-beta.2 < 2.0.0-beta.11 < 2.0.0-rc.1 < 2.0.0
```

> Once the team are happy with the new app/library then the new major version (e.g. 2.0.0) should be created and this will mean the code must maintain backward compatibility unless forced to make another breaking change and moving to a new major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the team are happy with the new app/library then the new major version (e.g. `2.0.0`) should be created and this signals that the code must then maintain backward compatibility - until any later breaking change forces a move to a new major version (e.g. `3.0.0`).
```
